---
copyright:
  years: 2022, 2022
lastupdated: "2022-09-12"

keywords: about the service, deploy policy, deployment plans, encryption technology, encryption modes, data protection modes

subcollection: security-broker
---

# About the service
{: #sb_about}

Data Security Broker is a solution that makes data breaches irrelevant
by ensuring data remains encrypted, not only when it is stored but also
when it is being processed by databases and applications. With automated
self-monitoring and enhanced application performance, Data Security
Broker makes it easy and feasible to provide enhanced data protection
for sensitive data in public or private cloud environments. The solution
includes dynamic management of customer-owned keys and the ability to
protect databases at a column-level granularity.
{: shortdesc}

## How it works
{: #sb-how-it-works}

Insert Arcitecture diagram

The Data Security Broker as a Service supports data encryption by
migrating the data from an existing SQL/NoSQL database into a secure
database with the ability to encrypt fields at a column granularity
thereby enabling selective privacy.

This is accomplished by inserting the Data Security Broker Shield driver
layer proxy between the application and the database. It will intercept
SQL or its NoSQL equivalent generated by the application to access data
records in the database by encrypting on writes and decrypting on reads.

The encryption process manages keys that are generated by a commercially
available key management service such as Key Protect and Hyper Protect
Crypto Service. This change is transparent to the application which will
continue to obtain data from the database in the clear.

Application performance is minimally impacted allowing for enterprise
workflows to continue to operate in a much more secure environment. The
Data Security Broker Manager is the cloud-based management console
providing scalability, fault tolerance, and manageability of this
service always.

It also provides comprehensive monitoring of the usage and health of
each of the components of the Data Security Broker encryption service is
integrated with the Logging service through the host cluster that
supports in generating the audit logs of how the data records are
accessed for further analysis.

## Encryption Technology Configuration Overview:
{: #sb-encryption-technology-overview}

Data Security Broker supports encryption solution that can be configured
in four main modes.

### Standard Encryption: 
{: #sb-standard-encrypt}

Data Security Broker functions as an
application-level encryption (ALE) equivalent in this
mode encrypting data on a field-level basis. This is performed using
Data Security Broker Manager as described above to enumerate the data
schema and enable an encryption key mapping.

### Data Tokenization:
{: #sb-data-tokenization}

Data Security Broker supports a length
preserving and data type preserving tokenization method to anonymize
data at the field level databases or in semi-structured data files in
cloud data lakes.

### Record Level Encryption:
{: #sb-RLE}

Data Security Broker can be configured
for record level encryption to support multiple keys within a single
column that are mapped to respective data owners or entities. This
encryption mode can be used effectively in multi-tenant or shared data
environments where segmenting data can be challenging. In this mode,
data shredding can be enabled by deleting public keys and private keys
for a respective entity

### Data Masking: 
{: #sb-data-masking}

Data Security Broker can enable simplified data
masking to prevent decryption of data and sensitive file information
based on configuration or deleted keys. This mode can minimize data
exposure in test/dev environments and better control data exfiltration
to external parties.


## Deployment Plans in IBM Cloud Data Data Security Broker:**
{: #sb-deployment-plans}

When you assign and customize Default Data Protection Policies with Data
Security Broker Manager, there are three options that you can choose to
implement your data encryption policy:

### Save Policy:
{: #sb-save-policy}

**Save Policy** option is selected by default. This option confirms your
selected data but does not execute encryption or data protection on your
database. Your policy remains saved with the application until a new
policy is saved to overwrite it. You can return to this page to deploy
or migrate this policy later. Click **Cancel** to close the Policy
Builder without saving, or click **Back** to return to the column
selection.

### Deploy Policy:
{: #sb-deploy-policy}

**Deploy Policy** option saves your policy (same as above) and deploys
your configured Data Security Broker Shield as a proxy for your
configured database. You can connect to your Data Security Broker Shield
endpoint as if it was your database endpoint, to access your database.
Any data that passes through your Data Security Broker Shield proxy is
encrypted in your database, if that data is defined in your policy.
Click **Save** to confirm your selected data, exit the Policy Builder,
and deploy your policy.

### Deploy Policy and Migrate Data:
{: #sb-deploy-migrate-data}

**Deploy Policy & Migrate Data** option saves your policy, deploys it,
and migrates your existing selected tables and columns through the
specified Data Security Broker Shield to encrypt them. Data Security
Broker Shield acts as a proxy for the configured database, and the data
is encrypted as well.


## Key Benefits of Data Security Broker:
{: #sb-key-benefits}

• Secure database content throughout the encryption process\
• Protect the data with column-level granularity\
• Easy key management\
• Extensive monitoring and audit capability\
• Leverage cloud infrastructure without compromising security

