sb_pricing.md, before:

---
copyright:
  years: 2022, 2023
lastupdated: "2023-08-22"

keywords: about the service, pricing details, shield billing, billing

subcollection: security-broker
---

{{site.data.keyword.attribute-definition-list}}

# Pricing Plans for {{site.data.keyword.security_broker_short}}
{: #sb_pricing}

{{site.data.keyword.security_broker_short}} offers Data Encryption Services which consists of two main
components, namely:

**{{site.data.keyword.security_broker_short}} Manager** is the administrative console for
the solution that integrates with enterprise key managers and databases
and manages the {{site.data.keyword.security_broker_short}} solution components.

{{site.data.keyword.security_broker_short}} Manager instances are not charged.
{: note}

**{{site.data.keyword.security_broker_short}} Shield** is the SQL proxy that functions to encrypt and decrypt data at the field or record level.

Every {{site.data.keyword.security_broker_short}} Shield instance that you install, is charged on an hourly basis. Review the pricing plan described in the table below:

Displayed prices do not include tax.
{: note}

|                      |                 |                            |
| -------------------- | --------------- | -------------------------- |
| Plan                 | Description     | Details                    |
| Hourly Pay-as-you-go | Shield per hour | $2 USD/per Shield-per Hour |
{: caption="Table 1. Pricing Plans for {{site.data.keyword.security_broker_short}}" caption-side="bottom"}

Commit message:

changes to end to end review comments

sb_pricing.md, after:

---
copyright:
  years: 2023
lastupdated: "2023-08-23"

keywords: about the service, pricing details, shield billing, billing

subcollection: security-broker
---

{{site.data.keyword.attribute-definition-list}}

# How does {{site.data.keyword.security_broker_short}} calculate pricing?
{: #sb_pricing}

Pricing for {{site.data.keyword.security_broker_short}} depends on the number of {{site.data.keyword.security_broker_short}} Shield instances that you have installed.

For the most up-to-date pricing information, you can refer to the provisioning page for {{site.data.keyword.security_broker_short}} Shield in the {{site.data.keyword.cloud_notm}} Catalog. The displayed prices do not include tax.
{: important}

## Plan Type

The service offers Hourly Pay-as-you-go pricing plan.

Every {{site.data.keyword.security_broker_short}} Shield instance that you install, is charged on an hourly basis. 

{{site.data.keyword.security_broker_short}} Manager instances are not charged.
{: note}

## When am I charged?

You are charged right after the {{site.data.keyword.security_broker_short}} Shield instance is installed in your cluster.

## How do I stop getting charged for {{site.data.keyword.security_broker_short}}?

If you no longer want to be charged for a specific shield instance, uninstall the specific shield instance that you do not want to be charged for, by following the instructions in the [Uninstalling {{site.data.keyword.security_broker_short}} Shield](/docs/security-broker?topic=security-broker-sb_uninstall) section.
